there we go I got him I got him in the
end that's the important thing
what a glorious Melo attack on the
school on this guitar juicy and
succulent right for the pickin succulent
Chinese meal what I don't know where you
know this talk of a succulent Chinese
meal that's we got coming about five
minutes eyes and gentle anyway
Gibson Custom Shop benchmark Les Paul
Florentine custom this one is C asks 401
6/8
sunburst 8.0 seven pounds you just heard
that neck pickup as I said mallow attack
glorious robust sounding let us go to
both pickups together and see we got
happening here
get the idea juicy let's go to that
bridge pickup
you
I'd like it let's get some custom shop
benchmark Les Paul Florentine custom
here why would Gregory kaga else